#Houhou-SRS project documentation

##Project presentation
*Documentation is coming soon*

##Installation

###Required external resources
To be able to compile everything, after pulling, you will need some resources that are not part of the repository for multiple reasons (too heavy, no need for version history).
Here is a comprehensive list of these resources, along with an explanation of how to get them:
- Kanji.DatabaseMaker/Resources/**JMdict.xml**<br/>
   **A:** [Download the file from the edrdg website](http://ftp.monash.edu.au/pub/nihongo/JMdict.gz), unzip it, rename and use the unzipped file.
- Kanji.DatabaseMaker/Resources/**kanjidic2.xml**<br/>
   **A:** [Download the file from the project's website](http://www.csse.monash.edu.au/~jwb/kanjidic2/kanjidic2.xml.gz), unzip it and use the unzipped file.
- Kanji.Interface/Data/**KanjiDatabase.sqlite**<br/>
   **A:** This file is generated by the Kanji.DatabaseMaker project. Run that project and copy the output database file, or [download the file from Dropbox](https://db.tt/YiZkOLko).

###Setup project
Though the setup project requires Installshield Limited Edition, you should keep it unloaded unless you really need to produce an installer.

##Solution Architecture

###Overview
The solution is cut in several projects. There are library projects and executable projects.
The default startup project is Kanji.Interface (the main project containing views and the application logic).
We will go through all projects to explain what they are and how they are used.

###Kanji.Common
*Library project* referenced by Kanji.Database, Kanji.DatabaseMaker, Kanji.Interface.
Contains essentially helpers and constants that are or could be required by other projects inside the solution.

###Kanji.Database
*Library project* referenced by Kanji.DatabaseMaker, Kanji.Interface.
Provides a database access logic layer for any projects making use of any of the two SQLite databases.
Contains DAOs and internal database access components.

###Kanji.DatabaseMaker
*Executable project* used to build the dictionary SQLite database file.
Contains a set of ETL components that process open database resource files and build the SQLite database used by the Kanji.Interface project.
Should be run only when you need to generate a new database file.

###Kanji.Interface
*Executable project* containing Houhou's interface, and most of the application logic.
Uses WPF with an MVVM structure.

###NotifyIconWpf
*Library project* created by Philipp Sumi and available on [CodeProject.com](http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/36468/WPF-NotifyIcon).
Standalone library used by the Kanji.Interface project to implement the notification tray icon.

###HouhouSetup
*Setup project* built with Installshield Limited Edition. Produces a setup executable. Should stay unloaded when not needed.

##Functional description

###Databases
The project uses two **SQLite database files**. One is the dictionary database, and the other is the user database.

####Dictionary database
The dictionary database is used by the Kanji.Interface project. It is stored as a resource of the project and required as an external resource file by the executable (Kanji.Interface/Data/KanjiDatabase.sqlite).
This database file can be generated by the Kanji.DatabaseMaker executable project.
It contains all **dictionary information** (kanji, radicals, words, definitions, word categories, etc), and should be used in **read-only** mode in the Kanji.Interface project.

####User database
The user database (or SRS database) is another SQLite database. An empty version is stored as part of the Kanji.Interface project (Kanji.Interface/Data/UserContent/SrsDatabase.sqlite) and is copied to the user resource directory used by Houhou (%USERPROFILE%/Documents/Houhou/SrsDatabase.sqlite).
That database is **user-specific** and contains the user's **SRS items** (as part of the SRS module of the Kanji.Interface project).

###Dictionary features
*Documentation is coming soon*

###SRS features
*Documentation is coming soon*

###Notification icon features
*Documentation is coming soon*

##Contribution guidelines
*Documentation is coming soon*

##Questions?
If you have any questions or remarks regarding the project, don't hesitate to contact me (Doublevil) at hello [at] houhou-srs.com.
